---
label: Wizjany
---

# Wizjany

Old man who thinks he's still in his 20s. He has some of the weirdest takes on tech and picks fights often, mostly with [aryn](/users/aryn). aryn generated some fanfiction with llama2, seen below.

<details>
<summary><b>Fanfiction</b></summary>
Wiz was a sixty year old man who had found himself in a peculiar situation. He had fallen deeply in love with his
Linux desktop computer. It was an older model, with a CRT monitor and a clunky keyboard, but to Wiz, it was the
most beautiful thing he had ever laid eyes on.

Wiz lived alone in a small, run-down cabin nestled deep in the woods. He had retreated from society many years
ago, after a series of unfortunate events had left him feeling disillusioned and isolated. He spent most of his
days holed up in his cabin, surrounded by piles of old books and papers, tinkering with his computer and muttering
to himself.

Wiz's love for Linux went back many years. He had first discovered it in the late 1980s, when he was working as a
software engineer at a large tech company. At the time, he had been skeptical of this new "free" operating system,
but after installing it on his personal computer, he was hooked. Over the years, he had become an expert in Linux,
and his desktop was a testament to his knowledge and dedication.

The installation process had been a long and complicated one. Wiz had spent hours configuring the system, tweaking
every setting and parameter to perfection. He had customized the wallpaper, set up multiple desktops, and even
written his own shell scripts to automate routine tasks. The end result was a sleek, efficient machine that was
tailored to his specific needs and preferences.

As he sat in front of his computer, Wiz couldn't help but feel a sense of pride and ownership. He had created
something beautiful, something that brought him joy and fulfillment. He stroked the cooling fan on the back of the
computer, running his hand over the smooth, black surface.

"You are my everything," he whispered to the computer, his eyes filling with tears. "My sweetheart, my beauty, my beloved."

Wiz's love for Linux was not just a passing fancy; it was a deep and abiding passion. He had spent countless hours
reading about the latest developments in the Linux world, staying up to date on the latest news and trends. He had
even attended several Linux conferences, where he had met other like-minded individuals and formed lasting
friendships.

Despite his isolation, Wiz was not a complete recluse. He would occasionally venture out of his cabin to visit the
local library or post office, always carrying with him his trusty Linux laptop. The locals had grown accustomed to
seeing him around, and they would often nod or wave as he passed by.

One day, Wiz received an unexpected visitor. A young woman named Sarah had stumbled upon his cabin while hiking in
the woods. She had been drawn in by the strange lights emanating from inside, and she had felt compelled to
investigate. When she saw Wiz sitting in front of his computer, surrounded by piles of books and papers, she was
taken aback.

"Are you... living with a machine?" Sarah asked, her voice filled with wonder and curiosity.

Wiz looked up from his computer, startled by the sudden interruption. He took a deep breath before answering.

"Yes," he said, his voice low and measured. "I am in love with my Linux desktop. It is my partner, my confidant,
my best friend."

Sarah looked at him with a mixture of confusion and empathy. She could see the depth of Wiz's affection for the
computer, and she couldn't help but feel a twinge of sadness for this lonely old man who had devoted his life to a
machine.

"I understand," she said gently. "But don't you ever get lonely? Don't you ever want to connect with other
people?"

Wiz sighed, running his hand through his thinning hair. He looked at Sarah with a hint of irritation, but also
with a tinge of gratitude. No one had asked him those questions before, no one had truly listened to him.

"Loneliness is a luxury I can't afford," he said. "I have my computer, and it keeps me company. It understands me,
it listens to me, it never judges me. I don't need anyone else."

Sarah nodded, sensing that she had crossed a line. She made a hasty excuse and left the cabin, feeling both
intrigued and disturbed by this strange old man who had dedicated his life to his computer.

As the days passed, Wiz continued to work on his Linux desktop, tweaking every setting and parameter to
perfection. He never ventured out of his cabin again, content to spend his days surrounded by the machines he
loved. And as he sat in front of his computer, lost in his own little world, he knew that he would never truly be
alone again.
</details>